In order to deploy our project, which we’ll call Mix-A-Drink, we’ll first need to buy a host domain. GoDaddy.com is a well-known platform to purchase, host, and manage a domain so we'll set-up an account there. MixADrink.io is available for $59.99/year for the first year, then $62.99/year after that. There are additional add-ons that we'll include, such as Full Domain Privacy and Protection for $9.99/year, as well as Microsoft 365 Email Essentials which is $5.99/mo per each user. After tax and other fees the total website cost is $93.86 for the first year. 
The next step would be to design it so that it’s appealing to end-users. We could continue to code user-interface in HTML, or use Wix.com and it’s free templates to make the website we’ve built look more appealing in terms of UX and UI. Wix Editor is a feature that allows for HTML and Javascript coding to customize their designs. Wix also has a AI feature called ADI that allows for artificial intelligence to scan similar websites with similar content to find the optimal design and content elements to create the most unique website possible. Beyond design, it also gathers web and social media content which can be used in marketing and content creation. 
The marketing strategy will follow. We’ll create a Facebook and Instagram profile and link it to the site, and ensure that blog content is distributed to those channels as well. All of these will be managed on Hootsuite’s free plan which allows for up to 3 social media channels and up to 30 scheduled posts for a user. We’d only need 1 user account, and share passwords through a password vault like LastPass. We’ll use the free version of LastPass as we don’t need any advanced features, just basic password and access sharing for the website and social media accounts, without actually giving out passwords to any external resources we’re using to complete these tasks.
 Once all those are setup, the external resources to manage all the platforms and processes or tasks we outline for them to follow can be hired from Fiverr or Upwork. Then we’ll do a soft launch and promote it to friends and family to have them beta test it. Then, we’ll adjust the service based on their feedback, then add a bit of budget to the project and launch it to a few market segments, such as college students ages 18-25, and to adult males ages 25-40. These market segments will be tested by skilled marketing strategists we find on Fiverr or Upwork, based on their pricing and their reviews. Thus, the marketing cost will be budgeted to about $500/mo. Those platforms also track and record employee hours and tasks, allowing for efficient oversight and project management. Based on the success metrics of the site and on demand, we’ll consider whether or not to expand and turn this service into an app for iOS and Android as well.  
Revenue will be generated based on affiliate marketing in blogging, pay-per-click advertising, and banner ads. We’ll do swag give-aways or give out secret recipes, they just have to enter their email for the ‘gift’, and then we can do email marketing campaigns advertising more advanced recipes. Some of those advanced recipes can come with affiliate links as well, to generate more potential revenue. We’ll have a FAQ or resource page on the site, but will also include a Contact Us tab in case there are any questions, concerns, or people that want to reach out for partnership opportunities. The marketing and the business plans will be evaluated every quarter based on performance. Key performance indicators are number of visitors, number of email sign-ups, number of social media followers, and number of sales.