Internal costs will include salaries and possibly hardware. There will be no overhead cost estimates since the website can be run from employee homes. There will also be no external costs because we have no client. To calculate the total maintenance cost then the number of person hours for each of the 4 main maintenance types will be estimated and combined. Then an estimate of the costs per person hour will be assumed and the result will be multiplied by the estimated person hours.
First is perfective maintenance. This will be the functional changes made to the software based on user feedback or other enhancements to increase performance. It will be assumed that a functional maintenance project will be similar in scale to Project 3 and Project 4 in class.  Project 3 took about 18 hours of work for 5 people. Project 4 is estimated to take around 29 hours. Project 4 also involves a video and is not completely focused on software, so a total of 25 hours will be estimated as a reflection of maintenance. That results in an average project length of 21.5 hours across 5 people. If the budget allows for an average of two maintenance projects every 4 weeks, that is about 559 hours per year for perfective maintenance.
Second is adaptive maintenance. This maintenance will be updates to the software to handle new interfaces or possible updates required by law. The time spent working on predicted software issues for consumers, and the time spent trying to figure out what these defects might be, will also be counted here. This could include projects like making the website more phone compatible, or addressing browser specific issues with the software. The same time commitment assumptions per project will be made as above, resulting in an adaptive maintenance project average of 21.5 hours. These will occur less than perfective maintenance projects, and an average of 1 every 4 weeks will be assumed. This results in about 279.5 hours of adaptive maintenance per year. 
Next is corrective maintenance and preventive maintenance. The former refers to the time spent on fixing bugs in the product. The latter refers to the time spent on preventing bugs and errors from occurring in the future. From class, it will be assumed that these will take up approximately 21% and 4% respectively of total maintenance. Therefore, based on the calculations above, they will take approximately 234.8 hours and 44.7 hours per year. The total hours spent on maintenance is approximated to be 1,118 for one year.
Finally, the cost of one hour of work needs to be estimated. Depending on the difficulty of the coding, anywhere between $30 to $100 an hour seems like a reasonable estimate. As this is mostly an entry level programming project,this paper will assume an average of $40 an hour. This means that the total maintenance cost for this software over one year is estimated to be 40 times 1,118 or $44,720.